Add support for query parameters in the PathConfiguration (#190)
hotwired/turbo-ios: Docs/PathConfiguration.md

When the `Session` proposes a visit, it looks up the path properties for the proposed visit url if it has a `pathConfiguration` and it passes those path properties to your app in the `VisitProposal` via `proposal.properties`. This is for convenience, but you can also use the path configuration directly and do the same lookup in your application code.

### Matching the Query

> By default, the path configuration only looks at the path component of the URL. Enable query matching via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, path patterns only match against the path component of the URL. Enable query string matching via:
```

```swift

> Turbo.config.pathConfiguration.matchQuery = true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turbo.config.pathConfiguration.matchQueryStrings = true
```

```

> To ensure the order of query items don't effect matching, a wildcard `.*` before and after the match is recommended, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the order of query string parameters don't affect matching, a wildcard `.*` before and after the match is recommended, like so:
```
